---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "twitter_user Data Source - terraform-provider-twitter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  User data source
---

# twitter_user (Data Source)

User data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "twitter_user" "rick" {
  id          = 148137271
  screen_name = "rickastley"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (Number) The integer representation of the unique identifier for this User.
- `screen_name` (String) The screen name, handle, or alias that this user identifies themselves with.

### Read-Only

- `default_profile` (Boolean) When true, indicates that the user has not altered the theme or background of their user profile.
- `default_profile_image` (Boolean) When true, indicates that the user has not uploaded their own profile image and a default image is used instead.
- `description` (String) The user-defined UTF-8 string describing their account.
- `favorites_count` (Number) The number of Tweets this user has liked in the account’s lifetime.
- `followers_count` (Number) The number of followers this account currently has.
- `friends_count` (Number) The number of users this account is following.
- `location` (String) The user-defined location for this account’s profile. Not necessarily a location, nor machine-parseable.
- `name` (String) The name of the user, as they’ve defined it.
- `profile_banner_url` (String) The HTTPS-based URL pointing to the standard web representation of the user’s uploaded profile banner.
- `profile_image_url` (String) A HTTPS-based URL pointing to the user’s profile image.
- `protected` (Boolean) When true, indicates that this user has chosen to protect their Tweets.
- `statuses_count` (Number) The number of Tweets (including retweets) issued by the user.
- `url` (String) The URL provided by the user in association with their profile. May be absent.
- `verified` (Boolean) When true, indicates that this user has a verified account.


