---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "twitter_tweet Resource - terraform-provider-twitter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Tweet resource
---

# twitter_tweet (Resource)

Tweet resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "twitter_tweet" "tweet" {
  text = "Hello from my Terraform provider"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `text` (String) The actual UTF-8 text of the status update. Should not exceed 280 characters.

### Read-Only

- `favorite_count` (Number) Indicates approximately how many times this Tweet has been liked by Twitter users.
- `id` (Number) The integer representation of the unique identifier for this Tweet.
- `in_reply_to_status_id` (Number) If the represented Tweet is a reply, this field will contain the integer representation of the original Tweet’s ID.
- `in_reply_to_user_id` (Number) If the represented Tweet is a reply, this field will contain the integer representation of the original Tweet’s author ID.
- `lang` (String) When present, indicates a BCP 47 language identifier corresponding to the machine-detected language of the Tweet text, or und if no language could be detected.
- `possibly_sensitive` (Boolean) An indicator that the URL contained in the Tweet may contain content or media identified as sensitive content.
- `quote_count` (Number) Indicates approximately how many times this Tweet has been quoted by Twitter users.
- `quoted_status_id` (Number) This field only surfaces when the Tweet is a quote Tweet. This field contains the integer value Tweet ID of the quoted Tweet.
- `reply_count` (Number) Number of times this Tweet has been replied to.
- `retweet_count` (Number) Number of times this Tweet has been retweeted.
- `source` (String) Utility used to post the Tweet, as an HTML-formatted string.
- `user_id` (Number) The integer representation of the unique identifier for the user who posted this Tweet.


